docs: refactor/flesh out docker docs (#498)
t3-oss/create-t3-app: cli/template/base/README.md

### Docker

> You can also dockerize this stack and deploy a container. See the [Docker deployment page](https://github.com/t3-oss/create-t3-app/blob/main/www/src/pages/en/deployment/docker.md) for details.

Reviewer: link to the actual docs?

```suggestion
You can also dockerize this stack and deploy a container. See the [Docker deployment page](https://create-t3-app-nu.vercel.app/en/deployment/docker) for details.
```

domain will change though so we'd have to remember to switch it

Author: Yeah that was my thought with including the GitHub link, but if you think you'll remember whenever the switch happens then it won't be an issue.

Reviewer: hopefully wont be too much longer haha but yea
